feat: manage bad requests with 'allow request methods' package (#1325)
Financial-Times/dotcom-reliability-kit: packages/middleware-allow-request-methods/README.md

# @dotcom-reliability-kit/middleware-allow-request-methods

Express middleware that returns 405 (rather than 404) for disallowed request methods. This module is part of [FT.com Reliability Kit](https://github.com/Financial-Times/dotcom-reliability-kit#readme).

  * [Usage](#usage)
    * [Configuration options](#configuration-options)
      * [`options.allowedMethods`](#optionsallowedmethods)
      * [`options.message`](#optionsmessage)
      * [`options.logger`](#optionslogger)
  * [Migrating](#migrating)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [License](#license)

## Usage

Install `@dotcom-reliability-kit/middleware-allow-request-methods` as a dependency:

```bash
npm install --save @dotcom-reliability-kit/middleware-allow-request-methods
```

Include in your code:

```js
import allowRequestMethods from '@dotcom-reliability-kit/middleware-allow-request-methods';
// or
const allowRequestMethods = require('@dotcom-reliability-kit/middleware-allow-request-methods');
```

Example usage:

```js

> const express = require('express');
> const allowRequestMethods = require('@dotcom-reliability-kit/middleware-allow-request-methods');
> 
> const app = express();
> 
> // Apply the middleware to specific routes, for example:
> app.use('/', allowRequestMethods(['GET'])); // Allow only GET requests on '/'
> app.use('/submit', allowRequestMethods(['POST'])); // Allow only POST requests on '/submit'
> 
> // Define your routes
> app.get('/', (req, res) => {
>   res.send('Homepage');
> });
> 
> app.post('/submit', (req, res) => {
>   res.send('Form submitted');
> });
> 
> app.listen(3000, () => console.log('Server running on port 3000'));

Reviewer: **suggestion:** the example here doesn't work for a few reasons, I've included some suggestions to make it more comprehensive as well:

  1. The `import` signature change outlined above
  2. The signature for the methods is wrong - they don't accept just an array of strings, they need to be an object with the `allowMethods` option
  3. the `app.use` for `/` will take precedence over the `app.use` for `/submit`. This means that `/submit` allows no request methods (try `GET` and `POST` on submit, both with error). The order would have to change _or_ we should use route-specific middleware
  4. We're missing some docs on global middleware and route-specific middleware that _doesn't_ impact sub-routes

```suggestion
const express = require('express');
const { allowRequestMethods } = require('@dotcom-reliability-kit/middleware-allow-request-methods');

const app = express();

// Allow only certain request methods for the entire app. If you're
// doing this, it must be above ALL routes you want it to apply to:
app.use(allowRequestMethods({ allowedMethods: ['GET', 'HEAD', 'POST'] }));

// Allow only certain request methods for a specific route, e.g. here
// we only allow `GET` and `HEAD` methods for the home page. Note that
// we have to use `all` for the allowed methods here THEN define the get
// request handler:
app
	.route('/')
	.all(allowRequestMethods({ allowedMethods: ['GET', 'HEAD'] }))
	.get((request, response) => {
		response.send('Homepage');
	});

// You can also allow methods for a subset of routes. Remember that this
// applies for all routes that START with the value. E.g. the following
// will also only allow POST requests on `/submit/example`:
app.use('/submit', allowRequestMethods({ allowedMethods: ['POST'] }));
app.post('/submit', (request, response) => {
	response.send('Form submitted');
});

app.listen(3000, () => console.log('Server running on port 3000'));
```

Author: Yeah I wasn't too sure as API routing is relatively new for me but this makes sense and thanks for detailing it out 🙌🏽

```

> 

Reviewer: **suggestion:** I'd maybe add some info about what we recommend / the benefits of the above approaches too.

---

We recommend always using this middleware globally with `app.use` as a first middleware in your app. This is because, if a bad actor is making requests to your app to find attack vectors, you throw their request out as early as possible.

Route-specific blocking of methods is an additional layer of protection you can explore. It may be that your app _does_ support `POST` requests for a form but the main view is `GET` only. You can filter out further junk requests on a per-route basis by using the `app.route('...').all()` method or `use` with a path.

Author: Thank you for this clear explanation will add to the README!
